Vytautas

About myself:

I am a student from university of Vilnius. I'm a CS student and I study software engineering.
I worked on several projects and learned a lot of different programming languages like: bash, R, sql,
C++, C#, Java, pascal, assembly and other various languages.  My favorite experience so far was working
in automation at a company that develops automatic assembly lines using robots. While I was there I got
to work with C# creating an HMI and programming PLC controllers as well as robots like KUKA or UR.
Outside of work I particularly enjoy nature, automotive sports and cars in general. I'm an active person and
I visit gym frequently.


What I want to achieve in this bootcamp:

This bootcamp advertised Java and spring boot as a main focus, and I want to gain more experience
in this field to comfortably work with these tools in the future. By the end of the bootcamp I am hoping
to be able to work with Java and spring boot efficiently and be able to implement OOP principles
on the projects I'm working on with ease. Besides that I am interested in learning how spring security and
testing works using this framework.

Vladlen: I'm 21 years old. Currently studying in Riga Technical University. Faculty DITEF at the course Computer Systems.
Most liked lectures are about Ai and sql. Most disliked are physics and Civil Defense. I love spending free time with friends,
 usually playing with them.

I want to learn Spring Boot and fill in the gaps in my knowledge of OOP. I’d also like to meet new people and secure an internship.

______
My name is Leonids.

I recently graduated from a UK university with a degree in Game Development.

I have experience working with C++, Unreal Engine, and React.

I will do my best to learn Java during the bootcamp and develop my skills to a professional level.

Mikus
From Liepaja, Latvia
Got IT education 20+ years ago, but didn’t work in the field. Except for casual techsupport
Now back to IT.
In this Bootcamp i want to deepen my Java knowledge. And get better at working in teams.

I am Faustas, currently studying in Vilnius University.
I want to achieve the knowledge of JAVA.

Aleena C R
-----------

I am Aleena C R. I am currently living in Jelgava. I am a Laravel full stack developer. I have practical experience in PHP and React. I have completed my Bachelor's degree in Computer Science.
I am excited to join this Java Bootcamp because I want to improve my Java knowledge, learn new skills, and gain practical
to grow as a software developer and create more career opportunities in the future.
